Updated the Devices section (#2121)
Unity-Technologies/InputSystem: Packages/com.unity.inputsystem/Documentation~/touch-introduction.md

# Introduction to touch devices

> You can control touch devices with the following APIs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can receive and process touch input from touch devices with the following APIs:
```
